Update docs (build with uv, parse readme, remove legacy docs, point RTD to render at cytomining.github.io/pycytominer, and update contributing) (#676)
cytomining/pycytominer: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Documentation

We use [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/index.html) for documentation, with the following setup:

- [Napoleon extension](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html) to parse [NumPy style docstrings](https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html)
- [MyST Parser](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/) to allow Markdown files (including the README) alongside RST
- [Furo](https://pradyunsg.me/furo/) theme
- [nbsphinx](https://nbsphinx.readthedocs.io/) to render Jupyter notebooks

We host documentation on [GitHub Pages](https://cytomining.github.io/pycytominer/), built automatically on every push to `main` via the [publish-docs workflow](.github/workflows/publish-docs.yml).
ReadTheDocs redirects to GitHub Pages.

#### Building docs locally

First install the docs dependencies:

```bash
uv sync --all-extras --group docs
```

Then build the HTML output:

```bash

> uv run sphinx-build docs/ /tmp/pycytominer-docs/

Reviewer: This makes sure we can look at the docs output without counting on a root-based filepath (we can't know there is a `/tmp` available to someone but we do know what's in this repo's dir tree). Also, when providing relative paths, consider always providing a relative indication with the `.` (as a way of saying "current directory") so the reference is explicit about relative location within documentation).
```suggestion
uv run sphinx-build ./docs/ ./docs/build
```

Author: thanks!

```

> Open `/tmp/pycytominer-docs/index.html` in your browser to preview the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `./docs/build/index.html` in your browser to preview the result.
```
